Hello again! In this video,
we're going to learn
a little more about
the shell and how to
communicate with it.
Communicating with a computer is
like having a conversation
with your friend.
One person asks a question
and the other person
answers with a response.
If you don't know the answer,
you can just say you
don't know the answer.
When you communicate
with the shell,
the commands in the
shell can take input,
give output, or give
error messages.
Let's explore standard input,
standard output, and error
messages in more detail.
Standard input consists
of information
received by the OS
via the command line.
This is like you
asking your friend
a question during
a conversation.
The information is input from
your keyboard to the shell.
If the shell can
interpret your request,
it asks the kernel
for the resources it
needs to execute
the related task.
Let's take a look at
this through echo,
a Linux command that outputs
a specified string of text.
String data is data consisting
of an ordered sequence
of characters.
In our example, we'll just have
it output the string of: hello.
So, as input, we'll type: echo
hello into the shell.
Later, when we press enter,
we'll get the output.
But before we do that,
let's first discuss the concept
of output in more detail.
Standard output is
the information
returned by the OS
through the shell.
In the same way that your friend
gives an answer
to your question,
output is a computer's response
to the command you input.
Output is what you receive.
Let's pick up where we left
off in our example and send
the input of: echo hello to
the OS by pressing enter.
Immediately, the shell
returns the output of: hello.
Finally, standard error contains
error messages returned by
the OS through the shell.
Just like your friend might
indicate that they can't
answer a question,
the system responds with
an error message if they can't
respond to your command.
Sometimes this might
occur when we misspell
a command or the system
doesn't know the
response to the command.
Other times, it might happen
because we don't have
the appropriate permissions
to perform a command.
We'll explore another example
that demonstrates
standard error.
Let's input: eco hello
into the shell.
Notice I intentionally
misspelled echo as e-c-o.
When we press enter,
an error message appears.
To wrap up, we've covered
the basics of communication
with the shell.
Communication with the
shell can only go in one of
three ways: the system
receives a command—this is input;
the system responds to the
command and produces output;
and finally, the system
doesn't know how to respond,
resulting in an error.
Later, you'll become much
more familiar with this as
we explore commands useful
for security professionals.